talk beauty
Today I'm going to teach you how to do it.
microwave hamburger
is this really aware is the small plate
hamburger an egg is a microwave
so what 's the machine the woman stopped
hit
called me chronicles or minute 10
opa the minute 10 and have it finished
open your hamburger
I'll have a wheel onion line
but it's a delight now
now just get it now using the medium
practical not to soil
I suggest that the small plate first to boat
cat and break the other drug only
quickly broken in there
Now we get a little pinch of salt.
city ​​before my gem broke already
but when it breaks the leaky well in
gem to blow everything in there and
cover also for the woman not to kill herself
after all, the woman who killed people
done by a doctor me on the 10th as well
measuring the maximum power drill and put
and 5 5 4 3 2 1
ready we will see how that is our
egg got the edge people the advantage of
to make a saucer said here is that the egg
nice little round vote over
goal
It's easy because I have one hand.
to beat the brassiere and the woman is
that the brat there the ox of the boot ketchup
boot you want hamburg de
Microwave made in only three
little
as I had not prouni had not here and
one more to prepare
thanks